Add doc for languages (#12)
waldoapp/wdio-service: Readme.md

Type: `string` <br/>
Default: `undefined`

### Language

To set the language for a session you can use the `appium:language` capability.
This key allows you to specify the language in which the app will run during the session.

```ts
{

>   "capabilities": {

Reviewer: Capabilities are never a key in a dictionary with the object directly under in wdio conf, they are always an array:

```ts
capabilities: [
  { "appium:language": "fr" },
]
```

    "appium:language": "fr"
  }
}
```

> Please not that each device supports a different set of languages. To determine which languages a specific device supports, you can make a call to the following endpoint `GET /devices` on `https://core.waldo.com` and check `supportedLanguages`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please not that each device supports a different set of languages. To determine which languages a specific device supports, you can make a call to the [`GET /devices` endpoint](https://docs.waldo.com/reference/getdevices) on `https://core.waldo.com` and check `supportedLanguages`.
```
